(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
(Quinton)
At last...
I knew you and I would face each
other in battle someday, Kite.
You're gonna regret
what you did to Hart...
I'll make sure of that.
(Both)
Now let's duel!
Here goes... I summon
Photon Delta Wing!
I Xyz Summon Number 9:
Dyson Sphere
Where is
your Number, Quinton?
You will discover
that soon enough.
(Kite)
I know that Number is
out there somewhere,
but even if I can't see it, I
have to try and take it down!
Photon Delta Wing
attack Dyson Sphere!
It failed?
Of course it did.
To understand why,
take a look at my Number!
♪
No way!
A monster bigger
than the sun?
That thing...
it's so huge.
How could any
monster destroy it?
It seems impossible!
That's because
it is impossible.
No one has ever defeated
Dyson Sphere in battle
and no one ever will!
♪
♪ If life is
a game they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high-five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings ♪
♪ Take off
it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
Whoa-- That's no monster,
it's a mega-monster!
(Quinton)
My Dyson Sphere is
more magnificent
than all your
Monsters combined!
And it's practically
invincible!
Your pitiful attacks
can't damage it, Kite.
That can't be!
There must be a way
to destroy it.
You're wrong. As long as it
has its Overlay Units,
Dyson Sphere will be
shielded from any attack.
So that's why my attack
wasn't successful before.
But now I know
its weakness...
If you say so, Kite.
I know every move you'll make
before you even do.
You can't surprise me.
After all...
I taught you
everything you know.
He was Kite's dueling
instructor?
It's true.
Vetrix... I mean,
my father... vanished
and my family was
torn apart.
Don't let them
take us!
My kid brothers were
taken away from me...
It was hard to watch them go,
but I stayed behind
with Dr. Faker
to try and solve the mystery
of my father's disappearance.
That's when I met
Dr. Faker's sons...
Kite and Hart.
I suppose when I saw them they
reminded me of my own brothers.
I liked them right away and
my brotherly instincts
started taking over...
That's why I began
teaching Kite how to duel.
More than anything, he wanted to
protect his younger brother.
But he knew he would
have to become much stronger.
We had many practice duels
as I tried to teach him
everything I could.
But we're no longer master and
pupil and this duel is for real.
I won't let you stand
in my way, Kite.
Your dueling days
will soon be over!
I'm ending my turn!
Throw your worst
at me, Quinton!
With pleasure, I draw!
You're so predictable.
It's almost like
I can read your mind.
You've noticed that Dyson Sphere
has 2,800 attack points.
But your
Galaxy-Eyes has 3,000.
So you feel confident that
I can't attack.
But there's one fact
you didn't count on.
Dyson Sphere
has another ability...
...and I'm going to activate
it right now!
By using one
Overlay Unit, my Dyson Sphere
can attack you directly!
No way!
This move will leave Quinton
with a serious advantage.
Kite won't have many
life points left!
His systems are
crashing!
(Quinton)
Go Brilliant
Bombardment!
I activate a trap!
Lumenize!
This card not only stops
your attack, but my Galaxy-Eyes
gets a power-up equal to Dyson
Sphere's attack points!
It appears that Kite now
has the advantage over Quinton!
Impressive.
But totally expected.
I activate my own trap...
Space Gate!
Space Gate destroys your trap,
so say good-bye to Lumenize!
That means your
Galaxy-Eyes doesn't power up
and Dyson Sphere still gets
to attack you directly!
This one's for my family!
Dr. Faker's
treachery tore us apart!
Defeating you will be just
the start of our revenge!
Master Kite!
I can't
believe it!
He's making Kite look
like an amateur!
It is
quite remarkable.
I can detect no weakness
in Quinton's play.
What's the point in
continuing?
It's hopeless.
You only have
200 life points left, Kite.
Why not admit
the truth?
You'll never
out-duel me!
(Yuma)
C'mon, Kite!
You can't quit
now!
Think about your
little brother!
What will happen
to Hart if you lose?
My brother...
Stand up!
Be quiet!
Let me do the dueling
and butt out!
Yeah, stop with the annoying
comments, you got that?
Back off, 'bot!
You can be just
as annoying as Yuma!
Thanks a lot.
Don't be
naiïve, Yuma.
You should be on my side,
not on Kite's.
Kite's the eldest
son of Dr. Faker...
the man who betrayed
your father.
He's also a Number Hunter,
so you can be sure he'll
come after your cards
if he hasn't already.
Can't you see that
he's our mutual enemy?
It's obvious!
No.
Kite and I dueled.
And that means we'll
always be friends.
Sure, maybe he doesn't
realize he's my friend yet,
but he will someday.
And because he is a friend,
I'll always be on his side!
Very touching, Yuma.
Your father spoke about
friendship that way, too.
Of course, that was before Faker
double-crossed him
and my father!
They trusted him, Yuma!
And they both paid
the price.
Maybe you can forget that and
be friends with Faker's son...
but I can't.
Not since I learned the truth
and made up my mind to leave!
Hey... Wait up!
What's wrong--
Why are you leaving?
Talk to me!
Quinton...
The past doesn't matter!
All I care about is winning this
duel and taking your Number!
You won't.
My rage makes me want this
win more than you do.
Enough talk!
Let's get back
to dueling!
I draw!
This is it...
Time to beat the
unbeatable!
I play the spell
card Overlay Break!
This card not only gets rid of
Dyson Sphere's Overlay Units,
but now any monster can
destroy it in battle
even if it's not a Number!
Impressive maneuver.
And now I can blast
Dyson Sphere into space debris!
Destroy it, Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon!
Photon Stream
of Destruction!
Yet another move
I totally expected.
I activate another one of Dyson
Sphere's special abilities!
Say what?
If Dyson Sphere has no Overlay
Units when it's attacked,
then it can retrieve the units
it needs from the graveyard.
Now that it has
its Overlay Units back,
I activate Dyson Sphere's
first ability.
Which means that your dragon's
paltry attack will be repelled!
I did warn you.
No one can destroy
Dyson Sphere.
Your defeat is unavoidable.
Quinton's got Kite's back
against the wall.
One more attack
and it's over.
(Kite)
That Number seems
indestructible.
I've gotta think...
I place one card
facedown.
Your turn.
It's time!
I draw!
Whoa... here
it comes!
A direct attack!
Now I'll activate...
the spell Gravity Blaster!
A spell?
This equip spell raises Dyson
Sphere's attack points by 400!
And it gets worse...
much worse!
When Dyson Sphere
battles your monster,
my spell negates your monster's
special abilities.
Why doesn't Quinton
attack him directly?
That would end
the duel right now.
You understand what I'm doing,
don't you, Kite?
Defeating you
isn't enough.
I want the satisfaction of
destroying the card
you treasure
most... Galaxy-Eyes!
Take aim, Dyson Sphere!
Attack!
I activate a trap!
Mirror shade!
By giving up half
my life points,
I don't take any
damage from your attack!
Flaming floppies!
You may not realize it,
but I'm really doing you
a favor, Kite.
You've been forced to carry
many burdens these past years.
Now you'll be free
from them all.
I envy you.
You won't have
to hunt Numbers anymore
or take care of your little
brother, Hart.
No... You're wrong
about Hart!
I never thought of him
as a burden and I never will!
My brother Hart means
everything to me!
He's the reason
I keep fighting on!
Hart needs me and I
need him.
So I'm never
gonna give up!
Now let's go!
If you want to extend
this farce, be my guest.
My turn!
I draw!
(Kite)
I can't believe it!
Out of all the cards
in my deck...
...I drew the one
that gives me a chance!
Hart, there's still hope!
I was meant to
draw this card.
I activate the spell card
Message In A Bottle!
What?
How'd Kite ever get
his hands on that card?
Even though you trained me,
there are some things
you don't know about
my dueling or my deck!
I never told you
about this card.
You see it's very special.
It's the only card my
father ever gave me!
It came from
his father...
Dr. Faker!
I never used
this card 'til now...
so you couldn't
know about it.
How could you include your
father's card in your deck?
You know all the terrible
things he's done!
(Yuma)
You shouldn't
judge Kite!
He's only been trying to
help his brother...
the same way you've been
trying to help your own family!
You've both done things
I don't like...
but I respect one thing.
Kite has hope for
his family...
the same
as you do!
Hope for
his family...
Don't you see
that Kite--
Enough!
This feud is none of
your business...
so stay out of it, Yuma.
Now with the power of
Message In A Bottle,
I can summon three
monsters from my graveyard
as long as they each have
a different Level.
First I'm gonna bring back
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!
Welcome back Galaxy-Eyes!
And next, I'm bringing
back Photon Thrasher
and Photon Pirate!
When I summon monsters
using this spell,
they have zero attack points.
So that's
your big play?
I'm not impressed.
They're powerless and you
can't Overlay them
because they're
different Levels.
I haven't finished yet.
There's more?
Yeah, I'm activating
another spell card!
It's Upshift!
This card raises the Levels of
my monsters on my field
so that they all equal
the highest Level monster!
So now all my monsters
increase their Level to 8!
Oh, no.
Oh, yes!
Now I'll overlay my
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon,
Photon Thrasher, and
Photon Pirate
in order
to Xyz Summon!
Your fate is sealed!
There's no escape...
...from Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon!
As you know... Since my Xyz
Summon succeeded,
this space
field's effect activates
allowing me to
draw one card.
Perfect!
Neo Galaxy-Eyes' special
ability activates!
Photon Howling!
Once I Xyz Summon Neo
Galaxy-Eyes, all other monsters
immediately lose their
special abilities!
That's bad news
for your Dyson Sphere!
It's losing power...
I'm also activating the spell
card Big Bang Panic!
It transforms your spell
card into an Overlay Unit!
Oh, by the way...
did I mention
that my monster gains 800 attack
points for each Overlay Unit?
Now Neo Galaxy-Eyes
uses one of its Overlay Units
to activate its special
ability.
...which lets it absorb all of
Dyson Sphere's Overlay Units!
And that seals it because Neo
Galaxy-Eyes gains 500 points
for each absorbed unit!
I can't believe it gained
so much power!
That's right...
more than you know!
My Dragon can now attack once
for each Overlay Unit
it absorbed!
Go, Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon...
Attack with Ultimate
Photon Stream of Destruction!
Go, Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon...
Attack with Ultimate
Photon Stream of Destruction!
(screaming)
This is for you, Kite.
Thank you, Father!
(Quinton)
I can see now
that there are things
more powerful than revenge.
Deep down, I always knew
that was true...
but today you helped
me remember it, Kite.
Quinton... I mean...
Christopher Arclight...
It's been a long time since
anybody called me by that name.
I don't understand why
you ever changed it.
Like our father, we decided
to give up our true names.
At first...
I was hoping that
I could save my father.
But Byron Arclight really
had become someone else.
Vetrix was
obsessed with his desire
to get revenge against
Dr. Faker.
I got caught up in
his plans for vengeance.
I felt... it was my duty
as his son.
It isn't.
Once I save Hart, I'm
going to confront my father.
And not only that, I'll do
what you couldn't do!
I'll stop Vetrix' quest for
revenge just like you wanted!
You've grown strong, Kite.
I am proud to have been
your teacher.
It was an honor.
The bond we forged can
never be broken....
You and Hart will always
be like little brothers to me.
Goodbye, Kite.
Goodbye, Chris.
Hey, Kite...
Yes, Yuma?
I'll look for you in
the next round.
We're both definitely
gonna make it there!
Let's go.
Right now, Orbital!
Right!
Er, mind if we drop by a
mechanic's on the way home?
I'm way past due for
my annual check-up.
Guess I should interpret
that surly glare as a "no."
I'll have to maintain
myself then.
Let's just hope the robo-union
doesn't catch wind of this!
Okay, all systems go!
(Quinton)
I'm so tired...
I need rest...
Vetrix and Dr. Faker
both have to be stopped.
Perhaps that is my true
purpose here.
We know that your
father is in Astral World.
What if... he sent me here in
order to intervene somehow?
Yeah, that's it!
Dad wanted us to team up
to stop Dr. Faker and Vetrix!
You think you can do it?
Yeah!
I promise... we'll stand
up to them..
and end their
mischief for good!
My father is counting
on us!